Now, it's time to cover another famous localization algorithm.
In this lesson, you will learn the Monte Carlo or MCL.
We'll discuss the advantages of
Monte Carlo over the Extended Kalman Filter in localizing robots.
And then, you will learn the role of Particle Filters in the MCL algorithm.
Moving on, you will learn
the Bayes Filter algorithm and you will evaluate the information state or belief.
After that, you will learn the Monte Carlo Localization Pseudo Code.
By the end of the lesson,
you will see how MCL can be applied to a robot to estimate its pose.
Before we dive deeper into MCL,
check the reference paper by Sebastian Throne.
The first section of this paper will be especially helpful to
you as it describes the localization challenges,
followed by a detailed explanation of MCL.
All right now, let's dive in.